Serialization/Parsing: Rewrite to remove "you" (#1453)
spdx/spdx-spec: docs/serializations.md

### Parsing JSON-LD as JSON

This section specifies the procedure for deserializing JSON-LD as a pure JSON
format, independent of RDF semantics.

At the top level, the JSON-LD shall contain two keys: `@context` and `@graph`.

#### Parsing "@context"

The `@context` key contains a list comprising a string and an object.
The string may be ignored.

> The object contains key-value pairs used for identifier abbreviation,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The object contains key-value pairs used for substituting identifiers with shorter abbreviations,
```

Not sure of the above suggestion is much better, but I'm think we want to add a bit more context on how the namespace map is used.
